Combined travel claims need justification (#129)
OBF/obf-docs: Travel_fellowships.md

### Expenses and Cancellation

All expenses require receipts to be eligible for reimbursement.

> If you plan to combine your travel with other activities such as sightseeing or another event, please state this in your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you plan to combine your travel with activities not directly related to the event, such as sightseeing or another event, please state this in your application.
```

> We would not cover the additional costs, and may ask you to obtain a quote for travel to the primary event only, and cap your travel costs accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We would not cover any resulting additional costs, and as supporting documentation will ask you to obtain a quote for travel to the primary event only. Travels costs eligible for reimbursement are the lesser between actual and hypothetical costs.
```
